---
title: "Sleeping Beauty: A Non-con Fairytale Farce - After Hours"
date: 2023-09-21
genres: ["fantasy"]
length: "short-story"
tags: ["farce","non-con","voyeurism","happy ending"]
series: "fables and fairytales"
mature: true
extreme: true
---
Hours later, the trio sat nude on the slab, sharing sips from the Prince's leather canteen.

"I still can't believe you killed a dragon." Talia took a sip and passed it to the Prince.

"That's what I'm saying!" Flax remarked.

The Prince took the canteen. "I'm good at killing dragons." He sipped.

"What I mean is, and I don't mean to offend..."

"Please."

"It seems like an awful lot to meet a girl—surely a Prince has easier avenues."

"That's what I'm saying!"

Talia scowled.

The Prince shrugged. "The old wise woman read my fortune and I carried it out. That's what knights do." He offered the canteen back.

"Hm." Talia took it. "I fear you are easily mislead."

"That's what I'm saying!"

The Prince scowled.

"You're one to talk," Talia said to the fairy. "You're the one who told him to rape me."

The fairy beamed. "And he only knew me for ten minutes!"

The Prince grimaced.

"I knew you would fall in love, overcome with gratitude for your Savior." Flax planted his hands on hips.

"Yes," Talia conceded. "But what was the plan if I _didn't_ fall in love and _wasn't_ overcome with gratitude?

The pair shared a glanced then looked to the Prince. He looked between the two and cast his gaze aside.

"Oh my." Talia took a sip. "In for a penny, in for a pound."

"All's well that ends wells. That's-"

"-what you're saying." The Prince and Talia completed his sentence.

"Yeah, you get it!"

They sighed.

"Hey, if we went with his plan, you'd still be out cold."

"I suppose that's true." Talia offered the canteen.

The fairy flew up and took a sip. "He's got this whole crazy consent thing."

Talia tilted her head. "Consent thing?"

"It's an honor code."

Talia looked to the Prince.

"It's not an honor code."

"If he wants to hold a woman's hand, she has to slit her palm and sign a contract in blood."

Talia looked to the Prince.

"That's not how it works."

"He has to get it in triplicate."

"That's not how it works!" The Prince barked. He looked at Talia. "I just want a woman to give her permission before we...ya know."

Talia offered the canteen back. "And she has to write all that down?"

Flax bobbled his head.

"No, I-" The Prince took it and sighed. "I just want to check in and make sure she's okay. With everything."

"Aw," Talia cooed. "That's sweet."

The Prince smiled.

"Yeah, sweet and dumb." Flax quipped. "Things that have literally never happened." He landed on the slab and pulled at his hip like a hiked up skirt. "Golly, you're so nice and respectful, Mr. Prince. Come on up and split my slit."

Talia tittered. "Yes, well, even so." She reached over and tousled the Prince's hair. "It's very sweet."

The Prince took a sip. "I could have you both put to death, you know."

Flax zipped into the air. "You'd have to catch me first!" He pulled at his eye and stuck out his tongue.

"And you'd have to kill a whole 'nother dragon before you found another girl." She leaned in, pressing her perky breast against his wiry bicep. "Or maybe that's just your idea of foreplay?"

"You need not concern yourself with my plans or my foreplay," the Prince declared in an imperious voice. "You need only concern yourself with _slaking my_ _**THIRST**__!_" He tossed the canteen and lunged.

Talia shrieked and fell back, giggling. "No no, stop! You animal! You beast!❤️"

"Round six, huh?" With a weary sigh of resignation, Flax took hold of his spar. "I'm really starting to chafe."