---
title: "Sleeping Beauty: A Non-con Fairytale Farce"
date: 2024-09-21
genres: ["fantasy"]
length: "short-story"
tags: ["erotica","non-con","voyeurism","happy ending"]
series: "fables and fairytales"
weight: 1
mature: true
extreme: true
---
There she lay, in the deepest chamber of the bramble-cursed castle, hidden from the sun's embrace—save for a single ray that slipped through a fissure in the vaulted ceiling, casting a hazy halo upon the cold stone dais.

With feather-light grace, the Prince ascended the steps, drawing near.

The back of his long, flawless fingers caressed her pale cheek, her golden curls spilling across the plush, ornate pillows. Adorned as she was in flowing white, the delicate folds of shimmering silk lay motionless but for the faintest rise of her bosom.

"Talia," he whispered. "At last, we meet. My dear aurora. My briar rose."

How his heart ached at the sight of her—an ethereal figure in beatific repose, caught between life and death, waiting the long century for some lovelorn fool to brave the bramble and break the spell.

And here he was, that fool.

His heart beating like a minstrel's tabor, the Princess licked his lips, leaned in, and nearly kissed her on the forehead.

_No. no._

Whatever his reservations, it had to be on the lips. Those pouty, petal soft lips. _True Love's First Kiss._

He leaned in and hesitated once more.

The Prince withdrew, closed his eyes, and exhaled. He had felled the dragon. Bested the bramble. Proven his rightful claim. He could not falter here, never here, of all places. With the courage of a wyvern-slayer, he bent over and pushed his quivering lips to hers.

"Do you think this counts as necrophilia?" An unseen voice mused.

"Aaah!" The Prince staggered back, nearly slipping off the steps.

"Cause like, she's dead, right? But not dead-dead? Like obviously it's a form of somnophilia, but the fact she can't wake up sort of makes her a warm corpse, don't it?"

The Prince brandished his rapier, his eyes sweeping the shadowed corners. "Show yourself, evil spirit!"

"Evil spirit?" The voice carped in protest. "I ain't the guy tonsil boxing dead girls!"

"She's not dead!" The Prince barked.

"Eh, almost dead." A blue shimmering light skipped off a wall-mounted candelabra and floated over. "Mostly dead."

The Prince furrowed his brow. "A fairy?"

A tiny nude humanoid hovered before him, translucent wings droning softly. "The name's Flax. Pleased to meet ya."

The fairy offered his tiny hand for a tiny handshake.

The Prince kept his guard up. Fairies had started this whole mess in the first place. Hell, as far as he could tell, faeries were the cause of a good 30-40% of the world's problems. Nothing good came from the Fae.

"Oookay." Flax retracted his hand. "What? Not even a hello?"

"Hello," the Prince said, his tone flat as his blade.

"Psh. So much for royal manners." The fairy floated past and nudged Talia's cheek with his bare foot. "She's still out if you wanna keep goin-"

The fairy ducked, dodging the slash by mere millimeters.

"Ha ha!" The winged wretch zipped high into the air. "Careful now! Knives are fun, but you might get hurt~"

The Prince pointed his blade. "Never touch her again."

"Oh, the territorial type." Flax flitted over to a massive double door. He landed on the lintel, a good ten to twelve feet up, well beyond the reach of the Prince and his wrathful weapon. "You humans always were bad at sharing."

"I am not here to defile. Or to share," the Princess intoned. "I am here to save her."

"So you can haul her off and defile her in the privacy of your own home." Flax lazily sprawled out on the lintel and checked his fingernails. "I get it."

The Prince opened his mouth. Then shut it.

There was no point talking to the Fae. They delighted in luring the unwary into bad contracts and grim fates. It was always a mistake.

He sheathed his blade and turned to face Talia. His briar rose. His Love.

"Gonna be a mother dragging her around like that," Flax mused. "But hey, no back seat driving!"

"Tch." The Prince caressed her cheek again. She had not roused from her enchanted sleep. She had not stirred, even a little. "I don't understand. I felled the dragon. Bested the bramble. Kissed her. What more can one man do?"

"Maybe you need some instructions. Or a guide." Flax spit-balled. "Like a seer or an old wise woman. Maybe a talking bush."

"I have seen the old wise woman!" The Prince snapped. He cupped Talia's slender hand in his, reciting the fortuneteller's words: "Beyond the dragon's claws, within the clutch of thorns, lies sleeping beauty, a prisoner of fate, only to be woken by True Love's First Kiss."

Flax held up his hand and tilted it. "Eh, 4/10 augury. I could do better."

"I have done as the old wise women foretold and yet my Love still sleeps." The Prince shuddered in anguish. "Need I lasso the moon as well?"

"You know," Flax said. "Half the time these old wise women are ripping fat hits off the poisoned roots in their boil pots. And the other half are just fairies messing with people."

"Nonsense," the Prince scowled. "There's no way she was a..." He trailed off.

"Fairy in disguise?" Flax completed his sentence. "Like the one that tricked this girl?"

The Prince flicked his eyes. "How do you know about that?" He looked up at the lintel. "What are you doing here anyway?"

"Well, technically I'm not supposed to tell~" Flax chimed in a sing-song voice. "But it was my friend Spindle who did all this." He gestured to the room.

"What?"

"He enchanted your sleeping beauty, paid the dragon, and encased this castle in thorns. Then he asked me to kill anybody who showed up while he went out on holiday."

The Prince tensed.

"Dragons are so easy to buy off," The fairy prattled on. "What kind of dumbass wants to sleep on a pile of hard coins anyway..."

"And do you still intend to honor that duty?" The Prince slipped his hand to the hilt of his rapier.

Seeing this, a crooked smile split the fairy's lips. "In those first five to ten years, I would've slit your throat the moment you bent to kiss her. The bewilderment in your eyes, the blood dappling her soft cheek." His pipsqueak voice shuddered with delight. "It would have been _exquisite_."

A taut silence loomed in the ruined chamber.

"And now?"

"And now," the fairy flicked his wrist. "I'm bored. And appreciate the company."

"Lucky me."

"The damnedest part is Spindle hasn't been back in 37 years. The prat probably forgot all about us."

"Wait." The Prince eased his stance, releasing his grip. "You've been in this room, with her, for 37 years."

"Yep."

"Doing what?"

Flax shrugged. "Fairy stuff."

The Prince squinted.

"Hey, if I wanted to do something depraved, I don't need an unconscious girl for that," Flax thumbed his chest. "I can get my own unconscious girls."

"Lovely," the Prince said, returning to the matter at hand. "If True Love's First Kiss is not enough, I will depart posthaste and return with a wagon. Within the safety of my father's kingdom, the greatest seers and soothsayers of the land will seek a cure."

"Oooo," the fairy winced. "I wouldn't do that."

The Prince scowled. "Wouldn't do what?" God, he hated fairies. Cryptic, jibbering gnats down to the last. Why couldn't there have been a second dragon?

"Well, you don't know what magicks are in play," Flax explained casually. "If you move her off the slab, it might kill her outright."

"Kill her," the Prince muttered. "Godsblood."

"And, since you offed the dragon and hacked your way through the bramble, this castle is now open and undefended. More so, you made a path leading to this very room. Who knows what scavengers or ne'er-do-wells may pass through, looking for trinkets and forgotten fortunes, only to find this tasty blonde morsel-"

"Enough," the Prince snapped.

Flax tittered.

The Prince sighed, mulling it over. Loathe as he was to admit it, the little mite was right.

"You can't leave, but you can't stay," Flax hummed, tapping his temple. "What a conundrum. What a puzzle."

"Ah ha!" The Prince snapped his fingers. "You will go in my stead and deliver a message! Then my attendants will follow back, wagon in tow." The Prince beamed, pleased with his own cleverness.

"Simple enough," the fairy said. "But no can do."

The Prince stomped his foot. "Whaddaya mean no can do?!"

Flax shrugged. "First off, there's no reward you or any mortal could possibly offer to entice me. And B, I can't leave this room until the curse is broken or Spindle sets me free."

The Prince blinked. "You're trapped here as well?"

"Magic promise," the fairy sighed. "Always a mistake."

The Prince rubbed his chin. "So we must break the curse by any means..."

"Oh brother, trust me." Flax rolled over and slouched, hanging halfway off the lintel upside down. "I've had 37 years and I've tried _everything_."

The Prince shot him a glare of seething hate.

"Everything that didn't involve touching her, of course." Inverted, Flax held up his hands, the quintessence of innocence.

"Liar," the Prince muttered. His eyes fell upon his Love. "So what then?"

"Well." Flex fell off the lintel and fluttered over to the dais. "Maybe the words don't mean what you think they mean." He sat at the slab's grooved edge.

"Which words?"

Flax rubbed his chin. "Kiss for one."

"True Love's First Kiss? What's not clear about that?"

Flax rolled his eyes. "This is why you humans are so easy to play. You take everything at face price." The fairy stood and skipped along the slab's edge. "A kiss isn't always a kiss."

"It isn't?"

Flax shook his head. "For some humans, a kiss is a rubbing of the noses. Or the fluttering of eyelashes." The faery fluttered his wings. "In the far-flung corners of this world, there are some who would regard mouth kissing with the same disdain usually reserved for foot sucking. Or rimming."

The Prince puzzled. "What's rimming?"

Flax clicked his tongue. "Quite the caterpillar, aren't you?" He went on. "For the animals of the forest, this is all the truer. You've never seen a squirrel kiss a squirrel. Or a dog, a dog. Have you?"

"I suppose not." The Prince said. "But they do lick one another. Am I supposed to lick her?" His eyes traced the curves of Talia's figure as he spoke. The idea was depraved, yes, but it held a strange allure.

Flax waved him off. "If she was enchanted by a dog, that might do the trick. But she was enchanted by a fairy, and for the Fae, there is only one true kiss."

He fluttered up and landed on her silk covered belly with a dainty pirouette. "The Kiss of the Womb."

The Prince's eyes flicked twice in dim confusion before the understanding struck. "That's rape!"

Flax shifted to an arabesque. "That's love."

"No, no, no," the Prince raised his hands, stepping back. "I could never!"

Flax lifted his leg skyward, a perfect penché. "Not even to save her life?"

The Prince gulped, his throat terribly dry. "It isn't right. T-to enter her like that...without her knowing!"

"It's not enough to enter her. You must unleash within her." Her leapt towards her sternum, dancing on his toes. "Fill her with your vital warmth." He twirled three times and stopped; arms entwined overhead. "Blessing her with child—_that_ is the Kiss of the Womb."

The Prince stared in disheveled disbelief. "I can't do that!" he yelped.

Flax dropped the pose. "Why not?"

"Why not?" The Prince sputtered. "You have to ask for consent!"

"Consent?" The fairy tilted his head, rolling the strange word around in his mouth. "Consent."

The Prince chopped the air with his hand. “You can't do anything to anybody unless they expressly give you their permission."

"Oh," Flax said. "Because they have a hex on you?"

"Wha-No! It's just, I don't know, polite." He fumbled with his hands. "The right thing to do."

"The boring thing to do," Flax groaned. "How do you get anything done if you're always asking if you can do anything first? Do you have to ask if you can ask?"

"What? No."

"I bet you do," Flax said. "Always with the _morality_ and the _shame_. This explains a lot about humans."

"This explains a lot about faeries!" The Prince shot back.

Flax raised a finger. "Ah, but it's fairy magic you're dealing with. And it's fairy rules you're playing by."

The Prince glanced at Talia, his stomach churning with unease. "My Love..."

"Let me put it this way." Flax floated up and looked the Prince dead in his eye. "If it ain't you, it'll be someone else."

Talia lay on the slab, shimmering white silk hitched over her bare, milk white belly. Her supple legs splayed, each sinuous curve leading the eye to that innermost sanctum and the tasteful blonde tuft perched atop.

The Prince grimaced. He was an interloper in a holy domain, trespassing on divinity itself. It was as though the mere act of looking was enough to tarnish this most hallowed vessel. It sickened him.

And he sickened himself.

"Alright, I'm back." Flax zipped back from the far side of the chamber. A water-beetle squirmed in his hands. "Did you start without me?"

"No," the Prince said, not looking up. He stood nude, stripped bare save for his boots, his sinewy back hunched, hands clasped over the royal jewels. Somehow, despite the rolling waves of nausea, he had never been harder in his life.

"Great," Flax peered down. "That is one tidy bush."

"Uh huh," the Prince muttered numbly. The pulse in his skull pounded, impossibly loud. He feared he might faint.

"Course it should be, " the fairy remarked. "I've been trimming that minge for 37 years."

"...what." The Prince snapped his head and swiped at the fairy.

"Haha!" Flax feinted with ease. "Jesting, jesting!"

"Get out of here!" The Prince barked. "And what the hell is that?"

"Oh this?" Flax wiggled the beetle. "I love to snack when watching people work." The fairy ripped the insect in half, tossed the thorax aside, and shoved his head into the open abdomen. A series of grotesque slurps emanated from within the broken shell.

The Prince recoiled. "Godswounds."

The fairy raised his head, cheeks caked with viscera. "Hey pal, these wings beat 80 times per minute. You wouldn't believe the calories I burn through."

"What's a calorie?" The Prince shook his head. "Nevermind. There is a task of grave import at hand and it must be borne with the proper gravitas."

The Prince exhaled, raised his hands, and prepared to-

"Woah, woah! I gotta measure this."

"Measure what?"

Meal in tow, the fairy flew toward his hip.

"What are you doing?"

"I'm like six inches flat." Still hovering, the fairy paired up beside the Prince's stiff cock and arched himself, matching the curve of the phallus. "Nice shaft, your highness! I'd say that's about six, six and a half inches of solid royal rod!"

"Get out of there!"

"And such girth!"

The Prince swatted him away.

"Okay, okay, okay." The fairy returned to his previous place in the air. "Go ahead."

The Prince took a breath. "Right, here we go." He clapped his hands, swung his arms once, twice, and froze.

The fairy's eyes flicked between the Prince and the girl. "Are you about to jump in a lake? The hell's going on?"

"Well I-"

"Just hop on up and plumb her guts like you would any old tavern wench."

"That is to say-"

"Imagine you just bagged a barfly. Go."

"Look," the Prince said. "I haven't hopped or plumbed any wenches or barflies. Or anybody else for that matter!"

The fairy knit his brow in pity. “Is this that consent thing again?"

"I won't be mocked for not sharing a bed with slags and harlots!" the Prince spluttered. "Surely even you have your limits!"

"Nope!" Flax beamed. "I've done barflies, mayflies, and everything in between!" The fairy chugged the last of the beetle's guts and tossed the shell over his shoulder.

The Prince put a hand to his mouth, stifling a gag.

Flax beat his chest and burped. "Look, just crawl up on the slab, aim between the legs, and we can all go home."

The Prince looked back at his Love and lowered his head. "God deliver me."

He crawled up and positioned over her, propping himself on his hands. Face to face with her serene countenance, her eyelids knit in a peaceful, unsuspecting slumber, he was never more certain that he deserved to be cast into the gaping mouth of hell itself.

"And thrust!" Flax pumped his arm

The Prince remained still as a statue.

"Aaaaaand thrust!" Flax pumped his arm twice.

"I can't do it." The Prince whimpered.

"Buddy, buddy, buddy." The fairy flew up and landed on his shoulder. "You were meant to do this. You were _born_ to do this."

The Prince clenched his eyes. For the first time, the fairy noticed the tremor running through the young man's jaw—teeth yearning to chatter in terror.

"Huh." The fairy crossed his arms. "Were you like this when you fought the dragon?"

"No!" The Prince blurted out. "I know how to fight a dragon! I know how to lead a hundred men into battle. But this is...this is..."

The fairy rested a hand on his neck. "Exactly the same."

"Huh?"

"Everything in the world is exactly the same."

"B-b-but she's not a dragon. She's..."

"...the most beautiful thing you've ever seen. A tender rose to be shielded. And nurtured. And loved.

"Yes," the Prince croaked.

"For which you would bear any sling, any arrow. For which you would give up your crown, making the whole world your enemy, if need be."

"Yes!" he gasped.

The fairy fluttered down to her belly and turned, resting his hands on his hips. "So, it's all exactly the same. You must come at her as you came at the dragon. Or she will languish forever in her slumber, and you will languish forever in your cowardice."

The Prince glanced between the fairy and her immaculate, fragile visage. He gulped.

"O-okay," he whispered.

"Great!" The fairy clapped his hands. "Now to the fuckin'."

The Prince pushed her legs apart and steeled himself, preparing to plunge his sword into her velvet scabbard. "Forgive me. "

"Woah! Woah!" Flax tossed up his hands. "Hold up!"

"Whaddayamean hold up?!"

"You're going in _dry_?"

The Prince's eyes flicked. "Is there...another way?"

"Hopeless!" The fairy flew up and landed on his head. "Get down! Down! Down! Down!" He stomped, his tiny feet landing with surprising force.

"Alright, alright." The Prince winced, lowering himself between Talia's thighs. "Happy?"

The fairy landed back on the belly and pointed. "Now lick."

"Lick? I thought that was for dogs..." Mere inches from his mouth, her barely parted petals brimmed with a luscious, rosy hue. With every panted breath, the scent of her fragrant bloom enveloped his nostrils, enslaved his senses, eradicated his reason—a spell of old, woven into his flesh and blood, far stronger than any fae magick.

"You gotta slickin' her up, chief," the fairy explained matter-of-factly. "Or it's groin burns from here to Hy-Brasil. Now you're gonna wanna start..."

The Prince buried his nose in her slit, his patient tongue tracing every fold and crevice it could reach."

"...wherever you damn well please."

Her hips shifted as an almost inaudible sigh escaped her lips.

"She moved!" Flax pointed like a giddy child. "For the first time in a hundred years, she moved! She-"

The Prince hooked his hands under her thighs and hoisted them off the slab. He hunched there, feasting like some ravenous beast, his tongue flicking, smearing, lapping—an assault attuned to her every squirm and gasp.

"-woah!" Flax rolled down her lifted torso and took flight. He hovered above, sole witness to the carnal fray.

"One whiff of cunt and he loses it." The fairy shrugged. "Who amongst us?"

Nails scraped stone as his lips sealed around her hooded bud, suckling. A muffled cry, lodged deep within her throat, wavered in tormented pleasure.

"He found the clit!" Flax exclaimed, before waving it off with "Eh, beginner's luck."

Talia spasmed and arched, her hips drawn upward until the full weight of her body pressed down on her head and shoulders.

"Wow, uh, hey buddy. Pal!" Flax cupped his hands around his mouth. "You're getting a little advanced! Might want to stick to missionary for the first roun-"

The Prince glanced over his shoulder, eyes wild with feral hunger, his chin caked with nectar. In that moment's reprieve, Talia's hips shuddered and slackened in his talon-tight grasp.

"I didn't say anything." Flax looked around. "Who said that? You?" He pointed at an empty corner.

The Prince seized her ankles, folded her legs, and drove downward, claiming her cunt in a single, brutal thrust.

Flax whistled under his breath. "Maybe 'come at her like a dragon' was a little overkill…ah well!" He gripped his spar (a respectable 2 centimeters by fairy standards). "A show's a show!" And pumped away, content to watch the man work.

The Prince hammered into her, the ruthless rhythm of a rutting buck, concerned with nothing more than his own rapacious delight. Still shackled by enchantment, Talia twisted and howled in her sleep, her walls forced to take the invader's shape as she endured each savage stab.

Flax floated closer. "Is that...?"

Her eyes fluttered, half lid for seconds at a time. The fairy _wanted_ to point this out, and the Prince, had he been in his right mind, would certainly have been overjoyed to notice. But the Prince was not in his right mind. There was no longer a Prince at all. There was only the Beast-That-Remained.

The Beast quickened the paced, the strike of his hips filling the chamber with the unseemly clap of flesh against flesh. As a guttural rasp rose in his throat, her body clenched of its own accord, prepared to receive his vital gift.

Flax floated closer still, eyes wide. Only a foot away, he was never one to let a little thing like personal space ruin a good front row seat.

With a final slam, the Beast pinned her to the slab. His cock, twitching, convulsing, spilled hot within. Her eyes shot open, rolled back, a shriek erupted as wave after wave of ecstasy tore unceasing through her body. He pulled out and let her drop, her maiden blood dripping from his still stiff sword.

Talia's legs spasmed, writhed—her bare heels scraping against the sweat slick stone. "W-where am I?" She stammered between helpless, involuntary moans.

"I can answer that!" Flax zipped down and landed on the slab. "You were enchanted by fairy magicks for a hundred years and now, I am pleased to announce, you've just been saved!"

"Saved?" she stared in confusion at the naked winged pint-sized man who was, for some odd reason, fondling himself. "By who?"

The Beast grabbed her ankles, flipped her over, and dragged her to the edge.

"Aaaaaiiieeee!"

"By him!" The fairy beamed.

The Beast bent her over the edge and seized a clump of her hair, jerking her head back.

"W-wait!" Talia pleaded with her savior-assailant. "I don't know what's happening. I don't-"

The Beast impaled from behind, splitting her tight slit with ease. A jolt surged up her spine, a burst of electricity dissolving the panicked thoughts that ricocheted through her head.

Flax walked across the slab, hopping over the puddles of sweat. "That's your knight in shining armor!" He declared. "Also the father of your children."

"M-my children?" She grit her teeth, the grooved edge digging into her hip. "B-but he's raping me!" He grabbed her arm and pulled her in deeper. Her head lolled and slumped.

"Yes," Flax conceded. "But consider the alternative!"

"Albernabive?" She slurred. Beads of sweat ran down her cheek and leapt. Her mind went white with every thrust. She couldn't consider the alternative. She couldn't consider anything at all.

The Beast wrenched head back. Her eyelids flickered in a disjointed dance. He hissed in her ear, his breath hot upon the lobe: "Birth me an empire. "

"Yes," she moaned in a strained whisper.

"Bear me ten thousand sons!" He slapped her ass, branding her lily-white cheek with his royal hand print.

"Yes!" She yelped.

"Belong to me and me alone!"

"Ye-"

He pressed his mouth hard to her petal soft lips. She unraveled in his grasp, her arms falling limp at her side. It didn't matter who he was. It didn’t matter what was happening. She only knew one thing: he had claimed her—heart, body, and soul.

Flax burst into tears, still pumping his tiny spar. "It's so beautiful!" he wailed. "I raised that boy! I RAISED HIM!"

At that moment, a red shimmering light floated into the room. "Flax! Flax! You would not believe the shit I've been dealing with! Some asshole killed the dragon and-"

The fairy named Spindle froze. Sleeping Beauty was awake. The spell had been broken. Worst still, some auburn-haired fop was blowing her back out.

"What in God's Glittering Hole?"

Spindle spotted a familiar blue glow—a fairy crying while cranking his heart out. "Flax! What is going on?!"

Flax went on sobbin' and floggin'. Spindle dashed toward the slab, enraged. "We had a deal!"

Flax covered his eyes with his free arm. "It's too much! My heart can't take it! IT CAN' TAKE IT!"

"I'll strangle you to death you, you beetle-shagging bitc-"

Flax groaned as his spar erupted, slinging a burst of glimmering seed right into Spindle's eyes.

"-aauugghh!" The fairy flung past and crashed, skipping across the stone surface like a smooth river stone.

"That's for 37 years, you kelpie licking cunt!" Flax spat.

Spindle tumbled off the slab and slammed into the floor, shattering his tiny right arm on impact.

"It burns!" He howled, crumpling like a dead spider. "It buuuurns!"

Unaware of the Fae drama unfolding around them, Talia pulled back. "Never let me sleep again."

The Prince cupped her chin. "I won't." Where once a beast had been, a man returned. He reached around with both hands and gripped the top of her dress, ripping it in twain. "You'll never get another night's rest for as long as you live."

Talia whimpered as he seized her breast, her plush flesh blooming between his splayed fingers. The Prince shifted his weight to his right foot and brought down his heel, unexpectedly crushing Spindle's lower extremities.

"My legs!" cried Spindle.

"My heart!" cried Flax.

"My Love!" cried the once sleeping beauty.

The Prince spilled hot within her again, the fairy pumped his pistil, and they all lived happily ever after.[^1]

*THE END*

[^1]: Except for Spindle, who, it must regrettably be reported, crawled into an adjoining room and succumbed to his wounds a few hours later.
